README.md, before:

# Shoelace <img src="https://git.sr.ht/~nixgoat/shoelace/blob/master/static/img/shoelace.svg" alt="Shoelace logo, showing a shoelace bent in a circle" height=36px>
[![builds.sr.ht status](https://builds.sr.ht/~nixgoat/shoelace.svg)](https://builds.sr.ht/~nixgoat/shoelace?)

Shoelace is an alternative frontend for Instagram's [Threads](https://threads.net/). It delivers a lightweight, minimalist, and privacy-friendly alternative to Threads' web UI, and requires no browser-side JavaScript to access.

Shoelace is co-developed and powered by [spools](https://git.sr.ht/~nixgoat/spools), a content scraping library for Threads, written in Rust.

## Contributing
Send patches to [the mailing list](https://lists.sr.ht/~nixgoat/public-inbox). Prefix patches with "[PATCH shoelace]".

See [the guide to `git send-email`](https://git-send-email.io) if this is your first time using sourcehut.

## License
Shoelace is licensed under the GNU General Public License, version 3 or later. Refer to
[the License](LICENSE) for details.

Commit message:

readme: Add navigation
Helps users jump between important pages within the project.

README.md, after:

# Shoelace <img src="https://git.sr.ht/~nixgoat/shoelace/blob/master/static/img/shoelace.svg" alt="Shoelace logo, showing a shoelace bent in a circle" height=36px>
[![builds.sr.ht status](https://builds.sr.ht/~nixgoat/shoelace.svg)](https://builds.sr.ht/~nixgoat/shoelace?) ![Matrix](https://img.shields.io/matrix/shoelace%3Anixgoat.me?server_fqdn=matrix.mint.lgbt&logo=matrix)

Shoelace is an alternative frontend for Instagram's [Threads](https://threads.net/). It delivers a lightweight, minimalist, and privacy-friendly alternative to Threads' web UI, and requires no browser-side JavaScript to access.

Shoelace is co-developed and powered by [spools](https://git.sr.ht/~nixgoat/spools), a content scraping library for Threads, written in Rust.

## Navigation

- [Documentation](https://git.sr.ht/~nixgoat/shoelace-docs): Guides and references for setting up and developing on Shoelace
- [Issues](https://todo.sr.ht/~nixgoat/shoelace): For bugs, suggestions, and planned features within the Shoelace project.

## Contributing
Send patches to [the mailing list](https://lists.sr.ht/~nixgoat/public-inbox). Prefix patches with "[PATCH shoelace]".

See [the guide to `git send-email`](https://git-send-email.io) if this is your first time using sourcehut.

## License
Shoelace is licensed under the GNU General Public License, version 3 or later. Refer to
[the License](LICENSE) for details.
